Split Administering hosts into multiple assemblies (#4758)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_managing-host-placement-and-associations.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="managing-host-placement-and-associations"]
= Managing host placement and associations

[role="_abstract"]

> In {Project}, you can use compute resources, organizations, locations, and other context-defining resources to keep your hosts aligned with your infrastructure needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hosts in {Project} define your infrastructure and are part of an organization and location to form logically structured groups.
You can associate existing virtual machines to actively manage them through {Project}.
```

I copied a part of this from https://docs.theforeman.org/nightly/Managing_Organizations_and_Locations/index-katello.html#planning-organization-and-location-context_managing-organizations-locations

What do you think? Do you think the second sentence lacks a "to {Project}"?

Author: Okay, I like this, thanks! I'll add `to {Project}`.

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="managing-host-placement-and-associations"]
= Managing host placement and associations

[role="_abstract"]

> Use {Project} to link each host to a compute resource, organization, location, and content view environment.

Author: Would "associate" work better? That's what I tried to address your comment.

> Use {Project} to associate each host with a compute resource, organization, location, and content view environment.

Reviewer: this is unclear to me. What do you mean by "associate"? 

I would split this: You can assign an org/loc to a host; a host may run on a compute resource (unless bare metal); a host may have a CV env (if katello; even then it is optional IMHO).

Author: It's proving difficult to meet the requirements for abstracts when the assembly is somewhat generic :/ The guidelines I'm working with are written down in https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/4778/changes. And I'm trying to avoid just listing the features in the included procedures because that's not what an abstract should be about.

I gave this another try. This time, I'm carefully avoiding the verb 'associate' and also the term 'infrastructure resources'. I thought that perhaps 'context-defining resources' could work? I'm just trying to find one term that describes the stuff you use to manage the hosts in the procedures included in the assembly :) What do you think now @maximiliankolb? Am I getting closer to something acceptable?

> Detach host records when hosts move or retire so your host list stays current.

Author: This was an attempt to describe the use case. I struggled to come up with a better one. If the new use case description is off too, then perhaps we don't have to add a use case and the first line of the abstract could also be enough?

> This helps you keep your hosts aligned with appropriate infrastructure resources.

Reviewer: This is also unclear to me.
